central banks around the world are now
engaging in the next easing cycle this
is extremely important for everybody to
listen to and I'll explain why you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video I'm going to
show you what has happened here with the
Federal Reserve along with other central
banks the actions that they are taking
right now timed perfectly all
coordinated around the world this is
going to mean more inflation for you but
not necessarily inflation where you want
it where you don't want it and that's
what we will discuss right here first
things first the Federal Reserve they
came out they had a meeting they said we
are going to cut interest rates not only
did they cut interest rates what you
would call like a normal amount 25 basis
points
0.25% no no no they went for the
so-called jumbo which is 50 basis points
or
0.5% the thought here is that they were
behind now they are sort of catching up
that's what they're trying to tell
everybody but then Powell came out there
and made the market wet itself Powell
indicates further smaller rate Cuts
insists the FED is not on any preset
course uhoh the markets were thinking it
was going to be 50 5050 all the way down
to zero in no time but now Jerome Powell
has decided to reign in on that party we
are not on any preset course we
shouldn't be interpreted as sign of
future moves will be a as aggressive
there's the quote looking forward if the
economy evolves broadly as expected
policy will move over time toward a more
neutral stance but we are not on any
preset course the risks are two-sided
and we will continue to make our
decisions meeting by minute meeting by
meeting you've heard this before yeah we
are data dependent all of these things
there's nothing new in that however what
we need to understand is this is all
going on globally and if you stick with
me for just a couple more minutes I'm
going to show you People's Bank of China
I'm going to show you what they are
doing on a global scale to make this all
possible um you could see here this is
not a committee that feels in a hurry to
cut raids quickly and of course we need
to look at econom what economists say
because they're always wrong okay I
always read the quotes from the
different economists uh because it's
very funny the bull market has survived
the year's historically weakest quarter
it is like to remain intact through at
least the end of the year as earnings
remain strong interest rates are moving
lower and consumers are still spending
that's a fact some have suggested they
are going to spend less than before but
they're still spending you go to the
restaurants you know some have seen
weakness and others are doing well so
it's not necessarily broadly everybody's
getting laid off if we look at the tech
industry they were laying a lot of
people off but guess what that has
reversed and many of them have actually
started to hire people thousands of
people in fact because of AI because of
all that this right now comes at a time
in which once we get to Halloween
usually after Halloween to the end of
the year is positive that's typically
what happens but any of course anything
could occur but historically when you
look at from that point up until the
Santa Claus rally and so on that period
of time is usually positive and we're
almost there right few more weeks away
so look at what's happening though we're
we're really the the whole stock market
is riding on AI however AI can only do
well 5% of jobs says MIT Economist who
fears a crash and he's saying look I'm
not a pessimist I like AI I think AI is
going to do some cool stuff but he's
just saying let's be honest it's 5% of
jobs don't you think that we've put too
much into this expecting productivity
remember this word I've I've been saying
this forever because why when I was in
the financial companies uh I would hear
this word all the time productivity that
was when we needed to fire people okay
so I'm telling you that somebody who
knows what they're saying a lot of money
is going to get wasted you're are not
going to get an economic Revolution out
of that 5% so what does this mean yes
the AI will advance and the AI we're
going to be using AI tools we're going
to be using certain AI technology to
enhance
what we are doing but it's only going to
replace certain things it's not just
going to be like you know the companies
are gone nobody humans are there and
suddenly you know everything is
artificial intelligence in a short
period of time we're basing these stocks
the prices of these stocks and
technology companies in general that you
know I'm going to be able to just lie in
bed all day like uh the movie surrogates
with Bruce Willis and you know this is
going to be everything's going to be
done for me not the case right well what
does that mean does that mean stocks
will crash well understand something it
isn't about the companies and what they
do what they sell the products they have
the services all that no no no it's not
that what it is is liquidity how much
cash is out there or how much cash is
being taken away global net liquidity is
exploding this means unprecedented
monetary destruction economic secular
stagnation and risky assets assets
expansion what I'm showing you here is
just one measurement of liquidity this
is global net liquidity uh this chart
and and the next couple I will show you
are actually from the finance Friday
live I copied it directly from there
just to give you a little look at some
of the things that I show inside of the
finance Friday live this is important
but it's not just them here's another
one the pblc People's Bank of China the
Central Bank of China also doing their
own action it's law listed in here we
went through all these in you know all
of these in detail and they were doing
many different actions to restart it is
a global phenomena right now and you
could see the M2 money supply approaches
new highs as Financial assets reach
record levels the amount of cash being
pushed into the system is continuing to
go higher and stocks can go higher as a
result there's of course things that are
imbalance here they have to be imbalan
or else you have a problem you do have a
problem things can get out of whack for
periods of time but they usually it's
like an elastic band it comes back and
it snaps you in the face this is showing
us the stock market as represented by
the green line and then the US Reserve
balances with federal reserve banks and
that has been going down by the way
Finance
Friday I forgot to cover this chart but
this is it
and you could see it going down this is
not a good trend for the stock market
because these usually are moving in sync
with each other and now they are not
this is actually a bearish signal in
this case here but overall we got to
look at all the different measurements
of liquidity and just understand
something look at the money market funds
look how much money is being poured into
them people are keeping cash in Money
Market they're earning likely a decent
amount in these May maybe 4% or whatever
it is instead of putting their money in
stocks okay there are like this huge
pile of this stuff sitting around and
they're saying you know I want to be
like Warren Buffett I want to have less
invested in these stocks I'm a little
overweight let me keep it in cash
doesn't that tell you something it's odd
it's unusual these circumstances will be
unveiled as time goes on and I wanted to
show that to you now just like I did
last week we have the giveaway again one
of the members sponsored somebody to be
in every week so we're going to have a
new person every single week in the
money GPS Finance Friday we're doing a
giveaway uh that person sponsored it I
want to thank that person for for doing
so the last week though we did this and
um that uh person uh unfortunately
didn't receive my emails just make sure
that you can receive the emails that
you're using a legit email I don't ask I
don't spend there's no spam none of that
garbage I the only thing I need is an
email that's in there and that is
basically something that I'll use to
then email you okay so when when the
winner is declared this this system here
King Sumo declares the winner then I can
message you make sure you're available
as you're watching this now this Friday
coming up that's when the finance Friday
will be there the details are um inside
there there's a link at the top of the
description for you to get in for free
okay I want to see you there me Janet
and the rest of uh the people please
come on in you might be asking what
about me okay all that money printing
stuff but what about me well we are
going to take a look Bank of America
customers shocked by zero balances and
Online glitch account online account
glitch yeah sure Bank of America says
widespread outage is nearly fixed how
many times this happened before oh it's
just a glitch or what about the times in
which they said oh Capital controls in
Greece and other places where they would
say we have a problem right now we can't
let you get your money or we can let you
get this much it's still yours it's
still
yours but just this much right seeking
to cut food waste California bands sell
by labeling on products now
look they have expiry dates on consult
like okay I understand that that's
ridiculous but what's Happening Here
overall forget about this instance
overall is that we have to get used to
lowered living standards and the
globalist elite get more and more of
everything why it's because of what I
talked about at the beginning my videos
always come full circle the central
banks devalue the currency and then they
offer the solution we're going to print
more money we're going to do this action
that that action and what happens here
is that we create a bigger divide in
between the very very few at the top and
everybody else okay and we could point
fingers to one person or another it's
not how it works it's a system it's a
system three New York cities worth of
power AI is stressing the grid this is
an issue along with this which is
talking about the you know what's
happening with nuclear it's growing
they're expanding they're going to turn
on more nuclear they're going to expand
it all of the tech companies are getting
into nuclear what you have to know what
there's there's the economic aspect
which we got into detail on finance
Friday um but what I think and the
concern here is what if it starts using
so much power the gret is the grid is
already being stressed that we don't
have you know affordable energy a
reasonable energy that could be the case
in the near future because of AI which
is you know is it benefiting everybody
or what's like what's even happening
right now okay it's just kind of like
it's a little bit of a toy right now and
we're going to stress the grid over that
this could impact you as an individual
we need to be more prepared we need to
do everything that we can okay and and
really take advantage of the sit
situation right now as we see it we
don't want to wait oh it's too late now
okay now I need to get prepared no no no
don't do that first things first take
compass Compass is free I madean it free
for everybody it's 20 it's like 20
videos or something each of them is like
a minute long uh 20 minutes in total
basically you watch that you have a
great base of financial education that I
made super sharable on purpose there's
no links to my web my my
YouTube Twitter nothing like that
because I thought people they won't
share it if they start seeing the stuff
about the FED they start seeing the
stuff about the Rothchilds no no that I
just literally made it pure Financial
education so it's the money gps.com
Compass okay I don't I haven't checked
the stats but well over a thousand
people had been through it already
probably 2,000 by now that's what I want
to teach you okay the basic Financial
things and then from there you decide
okay this is what I need to learn that's
what I need to learn and you could help
other people do the same thing not with
look talking about the FED not talking
about the Deep stuff no no no let's
start at the surface level and then we
can go a layer you got to go layer by
layer you can't you can't you know speed
that up okay I want to see you on the
finance Friday I hope that you will win
so what you got to do is hit that link
down in the description make sure you're
available I want to see you as part of
the group and I'll take uh see you next
time on the video take care